README.md, before:

# A Laravel API Wrapper For Google AdWords.

[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords/releases)
[![Software License][ico-license]](LICENSE.md)
[![Build Status][ico-travis]][link-travis]
[![Quality Score][ico-code-quality]][link-code-quality]
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/92534151/shield)](https://styleci.io/repos/92534151)
[![Latest Version on Packagist][ico-version]][link-packagist]
[![Total Downloads][ico-downloads]][link-downloads]


## Install

This package can be installed through Composer.

``` bash
$ composer require schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service
```

You must install this service provider.
```php
// config/app.php
'providers' => [
    ...
    SchulzeFelix\AdWords\AdWordsServiceProvider::class,
    ...
];
```

This package also comes with a facade, which provides an easy way to call the the class.

```php
// config/app.php
'aliases' => [
    ...
    'AdWords' => SchulzeFelix\AdWords\AdWordsFacade::class,
    ...
];
```


You can publish the config file of this package with this command:

``` bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="SchulzeFelix\AdWords\AdWordsServiceProvider"
```

## Usage
All methods will return an `Illuminate\Support\Collection`-instance.

Here are two basic example to retrieve search volumes for several keywords and new keyword ideas for a given word.
### Search Volumes

```php
$searchVolumes = AdWords::searchVolumes(['cheesecake', 'coffee']);
```

### Keyword Ideas

```php
$keywordIdeas = AdWords::keywordIdeas('coffee');
```

## Provided fluent configuration

### Set Location
For Criteria ID see [https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/appendix/geotargeting](https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/appendix/geotargeting)
```php
AdWords::location(2276)->searchVolumes(['cheesecake', 'coffee']);
```

### Set Language
For Criteria ID see [https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/appendix/codes-formats#languages](https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/appendix/codes-formats#languages)
```php
AdWords::location(2276)->language(1001)->searchVolumes(['cheesecake', 'coffee']);
```

### Include Targeted Monthly Searches
```php
AdWords::withTargetedMonthlySearches()->searchVolumes(['cheesecake', 'coffee']);
```

### Include And Exclude Words For Keyword Ideas
```php
AdWords::location(2642)->exclude(['iphone'])->include(['apple'])->keywordIdeas('iphone');
```



## Change log

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information what has changed recently.

## Testing

``` bash
$ vendor/bin/phpunit
```

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [CONDUCT](CONDUCT.md) for details.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email githubissues@schulze.co instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [Felix Schulze][link-author]
- [All Contributors][link-contributors]

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

[ico-version]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-license]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-travis]: https://img.shields.io/travis/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service/master.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-scrutinizer]: https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/coverage/g/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-code-quality]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service/badges/quality-score.png?b=master
[ico-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service.svg?style=flat-square

[link-packagist]: https://packagist.org/packages/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service
[link-travis]: https://travis-ci.org/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service
[link-scrutinizer]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service/code-structure
[link-code-quality]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service
[link-downloads]: https://packagist.org/packages/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service
[link-author]: https://github.com/schulzefelix
[link-contributors]: ../../contributors

Commit message:

added console command for refresh token

README.md, after:

# A Laravel API Wrapper For Google AdWords.

[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords/releases)
[![Software License][ico-license]](LICENSE.md)
[![Build Status][ico-travis]][link-travis]
[![Quality Score][ico-code-quality]][link-code-quality]
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/92534151/shield)](https://styleci.io/repos/92534151)
[![Latest Version on Packagist][ico-version]][link-packagist]
[![Total Downloads][ico-downloads]][link-downloads]


## Install

This package can be installed through Composer.

``` bash
$ composer require schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service
```

You must install this service provider.
```php
// config/app.php
'providers' => [
    ...
    SchulzeFelix\AdWords\AdWordsServiceProvider::class,
    ...
];
```

This package also comes with a facade, which provides an easy way to call the the class.

```php
// config/app.php
'aliases' => [
    ...
    'AdWords' => SchulzeFelix\AdWords\AdWordsFacade::class,
    ...
];
```


You can publish the config file of this package with this command:

``` bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="SchulzeFelix\AdWords\AdWordsServiceProvider"
```

### Generate Refresh Token
*This requires that the `clientId` and `clientSecret` is from a native application and are filled in your configuration `config/adwords-targeting-idea-service.php`*

``` bash
$ php artisan adwords:token
```
Open the authorization url. Grant access to the app and input the
access token in the console. Copy the refresh token into your configuration `config/adwords-targeting-idea-service.php`

## Usage
All methods will return an `Illuminate\Support\Collection`-instance.

Here are two basic example to retrieve search volumes for several keywords and new keyword ideas for a given word.
### Search Volumes

```php
$searchVolumes = AdWords::searchVolumes(['cheesecake', 'coffee']);
```

### Keyword Ideas

```php
$keywordIdeas = AdWords::keywordIdeas('coffee');
```

## Provided fluent configuration

### Set Location
For Criteria ID see [https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/appendix/geotargeting](https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/appendix/geotargeting)
```php
AdWords::location(2276)->searchVolumes(['cheesecake', 'coffee']);
```

### Set Language
For Criteria ID see [https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/appendix/codes-formats#languages](https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/appendix/codes-formats#languages)
```php
AdWords::location(2276)->language(1001)->searchVolumes(['cheesecake', 'coffee']);
```

### Include Targeted Monthly Searches
```php
AdWords::withTargetedMonthlySearches()->searchVolumes(['cheesecake', 'coffee']);
```

### Include And Exclude Words For Keyword Ideas
```php
AdWords::location(2642)->exclude(['iphone'])->include(['apple'])->keywordIdeas('iphone');
```



## Change log

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information what has changed recently.

## Testing

``` bash
$ vendor/bin/phpunit
```

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [CONDUCT](CONDUCT.md) for details.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email githubissues@schulze.co instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [Felix Schulze][link-author]
- [All Contributors][link-contributors]

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

[ico-version]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-license]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-travis]: https://img.shields.io/travis/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service/master.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-scrutinizer]: https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/coverage/g/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-code-quality]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service/badges/quality-score.png?b=master
[ico-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service.svg?style=flat-square

[link-packagist]: https://packagist.org/packages/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service
[link-travis]: https://travis-ci.org/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service
[link-scrutinizer]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service/code-structure
[link-code-quality]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service
[link-downloads]: https://packagist.org/packages/schulzefelix/laravel-adwords-targeting-idea-service
[link-author]: https://github.com/schulzefelix
[link-contributors]: ../../contributors
